All right.
What are these weird browser prefixes in a nutshell when there are prefixes as they're also called.
Are the ways for different browsers to add support for the latest to assess features.
Browser prefixes are needed as the browsers experiment and start out their implementation of the new
CEO says three properties and an excellent external resource.
THEN WE'RE GONNA USE IS GONNA BE Can I use that com.
Now the basic syntax would be like this again we would have some kind of browser prefix of which in
this case is going to be for Chrome then we're going to be looking for let's say Mozilla and at the
very end we'll just gonna write a normal CSX property.
Let's head over baby first.
Can I use dot com.
This is gonna give us more idea so I can write.
And then here I can write whatever property I would like and most of the cases let me just show you
would see us as grid because this is still going to be lacking a little bit of support.
Now as you're looking at it you see that.
Let's say that in a 9 story Internet Explorer this is just not basically supported coal in 10.
This is a partial support where you would need to use the prefix of m s and then let's say an 11 again
it says the same thing.
However if I'm gonna head over to Chrome you'll see that this is all green so everything isn't supported
and that way you can decide what is happening with the property and what you would need to do.
Now here is the ten thousand question ten thousand dollar question.
Do you need to add this every time you are looking for a property.
And my answer would be no.
Well let me give you an elaboration why I wouldn't use that right now why I wouldn't add them manually
by hand like this as well as the actual reasoning behind it.
You seem as you're gonna be progressing in development.
You'll learn many many ways how you can write all your success and then set up some kind of argumentation
where it scans through your C assess file and then have them automatically at the very end instead of
you typing this out.
Let's say three times and this really gets annoying as far as I'm concerned very quickly.
Now I have to tell you honestly I don't remember when is the last time I was typing the browser prefixes
because again you use something like gulp use.
I don't know.
Another NPM module or anything like that and they all gonna do the work for you where you can set up
everything how you would like to add those browser browser prefixes meaning like let's say for what
versions of the browsers and all that.
And it is much more faster so throughout our project I'm not gonna be adding them manually.
This is just not going to happen because in my opinion it clogs up rails into CSX and it loses the purpose
for me to actually explain everything.
If you have to look at a bunch of calls like this now you can do it.
I mean I'm not saying there's nothing wrong with that.
You can technically write everything by hand rule by rule but I'm just telling you that there's gonna
be a much more nicer options now we can just get all these browser prefixes that we need.
I also would like to show you maybe one quick and dirty way how we can do that.
So if we write out a prefix or get out by but you can ask the search for it or here like this.
So out of prefix sir let me write it here and then we're gonna be looking for this guy.
And if you want you can just copy and paste it basically.
So I'd say that I know that there's gonna be a an issue with linear gradient.
Let's imagine that in my CSX I would have the main heading then in the main heading again and we would
copy and paste it normally.
Let's say our whole systems file but in our case we're going to say I don't know.
Background and background linear great.
And here we need to have proper dash grade.
The end.
Right.
As you can see my spelling was always awesome.
And then let's write whatever colors.
Let's say red and blue.
And what's going to happen.
The actual auto prefix R is gonna spit back already prefixed code.
You can copy and paste your code here and get everything that you want but again this would be a quick
and dirty way.
There is better ways you can actually make this automatic where again it scans through your file.
It just basically adds them and I haven't had an issue where let's say I have to do this manually because
everything is done for you so you can keep it clean success and at the end of the day you can get all
your browser prefixes anyway.
And my main point is that we will not going to be adding a browser prefix is in our project.